
Okay, so welcome to this week's project updates.

My team is currently working on two projects in the SoliD program:
- the first being government approvals, and
- the second being the mobile app project.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

With regards to the government approvals project, the objective is simple:
obtain and verify the required government approvals for the program.

The project's period is 60 days, and we're currently on day 48, so about two more weeks until the scheduled deadline.

Now, updates on all approvals have been cleared on time by the FFIC.
All we have to do next is send the documents to the verification office to be signed off at the earliest.

Of item numbers 220 through 226, all but two have been completed this week.
We're still waiting for the team to complete item numbers 222 and 223.
Also, item number 227 will begin soon.

Unfortunately, considering the current backlog, and the delay due to one of our team members leaving town next week, 
the next milestone, also scheduled next week, will face backlash.

This delay might incorporate an additional four tasks scheduled to be completed by the end of next week, as part of the next milestone.

The existing delays have already caused an increase in budget by $6,200, due to additional waiver fees and overtime.
The team might have to file for more extensions next week, in order to fulfil the incomplete tasks.
This might cause an increase in the existing budget for the next two months.  

Now, the next steps are to review and anlyse the root of these delays, and to seek a feasible fix.
The tasks will need to be re-prioritised and re-assigned appropriately.
The focus is on completing item numbers 222 and 223 as soon as possible.
The absentee team member's role could temporarily be re-assigned, provided that 
the assignee has the qualification and experience to carry out the role.

If it works out this way, then the delays may be reduced.
However, if it takes two or more assignees to accomplish the absentee's task, 
or if the incomplete items from this week prove themselves challenging to finish off, 
then the delay may be exacerbated, and we might have to consider alternatives instead.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Moving on, with some good news. 
So, with regards to the mobile app project, the objective is to design and test the app in a iterative manner. 
It follows the agile (scrum) development practice to accomplish this.

As of now, all bugs from this release and all issues from the previous release have been fixed.
We have received some excellent feedback from the beta-testers regarding the previous release.
Another good news is that all tasks have been completed, and are awaiting review, all ready to be released tomorrow.
And so, as you can see, this project is indeed ahead of schedule.

The team shall begin iteration number 5 the day after tomorrow.
Alongside, beta-testing the newly released prototype shall also commence.
The next prototype to be released will aim to extend the product outside the current user base.

And by this, I conclude my update on my teams progress. Thank you very much.

